Upgrade/Backup updates per Ale (#71)
mulesoft/docs-private-cloud: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-and-disaster-recovery.adoc

> include::_attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: Title: please use only the approved abbreviation:

= Configure Backup and Restore for Anypoint Private Cloud  >
     = Configure Backup and Restore for Anypoint Platform PCE

endif::[]

> To preserve your data in case of system failure or problems with other operations, such as patching or performing upgrades, ensure that your system is automatically backed up. Regular backups are extremely important for disaster recovery procedures. Configure your backup to run at least once per day; hourly is recommended. Store your backup archive on external storage outside the Anypoint cluster.

Reviewer: Anypoint Platform cluster:
```suggestion
To preserve your data in case of system failure or problems with other operations, such as patching or performing upgrades, ensure that your system is automatically backed up. Regular backups are extremely important for disaster recovery procedures. Configure your backup to run at least once per day; hourly is recommended. Store your backup archive on external storage outside the Anypoint Platform cluster.
```

> Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE) requires you to install, configure, and manage an NFS server. Ensure that you configure and perform frequent backups of this server.

Reviewer: Did you want to merge this into the previous statement, to fully introduce the product name and not repeat the backup recommendations?

+
Outputs logs to a file.

Backup contents:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Information | Included in PCE Backup 
| Databases | Y
| Configurations | Y
| Secrets | Y
| Object Store | Y
| Drives | N

> | NFS Server Configuration | N

Reviewer 2: It's not that server configuration that is not included, but the NFS files

Author: Got it - thank you!

| Runtimes* | N
|===
 

> *PCE only has INFORMATION about runtimes, such as their names and status.

Reviewer: This is such a small amount of data, even for a 2-col table.
I wonder if it would not be just as useful to make this narrative:

"The Anypoint Platform PCE backup operation backs up databases, configurations, secrets, and object stores. It does not back up drives, NFS files, or runtimes, although it does back up information about the runtimes, such as their names and statuses."

== Perform a System Restore

> To restore a system from your backup, use the existing cluster or create a new cluster containing the same number of servers as the cluster being restored.

Reviewer: Is creating a new cluster actually considered a restore? I wonder if we should reword this to be something like "You can restore a system from you backup by using the existing cluster. Alternatively, you can create a new cluster containing..., provided that the versions of Anypoint Platform PCE match."

Reviewer: Line 55: consider...:

". Move the compressed backup archive file to a folder on any node in the environment to be restored securely, using the following command:"
+

----
sudo gravity restore /var/lib/gravity/planet/share/to-restore.tar.gz
----
+
You can pass the following optional parameters:
+
====

> * `--follow`: outputs the backup job logs to stdout

Reviewer: I would make each of these two lines instead, per our list style:
```suggestion
* `--follow`
Outputs the backup job logs to stdout
```

* `--timeout`: specifies the deadline for the backup job (e.g.: 30s, 5m, etc). Default is 20m.
* `--log-file`: outputs logs to a file
====
+

> Wait until the operation completes. This operation takes a few minutes. 

Reviewer: Make this a step, because "waits" is an action...of sorts....
```suggestion
. Wait a few minutes for the operation to complete.
```
Note that "complete" is a transitive verb, which requires an object. See the style ref. for more about this, if you are interested.

. Manually restore the following information: 
+

> * NFS files

Reviewer: Wait...a list for just one thing?

----
sudo gravity restore /var/lib/gravity/planet/share/to-restore.tar.gz
----
+
You can pass the following optional parameters:
+
====
* `--follow`: outputs the backup job logs to stdout
* `--timeout`: specifies the deadline for the backup job (e.g.: 30s, 5m, etc). Default is 20m.
* `--log-file`: outputs logs to a file
====
+
Wait until the operation completes. This operation takes a few minutes. 

. Manually restore the following information: 
+

> * Runtimes

Reviewer 2: You don't need to manually restore runtimes

Author: Removed - thank you!

> * NFS server configuration

Reviewer 2: Same as before

Author: Got it - thank you!
